Deepbook MEV bot example (#13293)
MystenLabs/sui: examples/mev_bot/README.md

# Example - Use a MEV bot to Clear Expired DeepBook Orders

## Overview

> This example shows how to use a MEV bot to clear expired DeepBook orders. The bot will scan the DeepBook for expired
> orders and cancel them. The example uses Sui TS SDK to interact with the Sui full node and retrieve on chain DeepBook data.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This example shows how to use a MEV bot to clear expired DeepBook orders. The bot scans DeepBook pools for expired orders and cancels them. The example bot uses the Sui TS SDK to interact with the Sui Full node and retrieve on chain DeepBook data.
```
